but full of again let me start by saying
this movies about birds Freebirds
blackbirds Robins rocking doves crying
Eagles flying actually it's just
sparrows crows and seagulls a flock of
seagulls the styles of our movie today
ah Alfred Hitchcock sick obsession and
the flying dinosaur descendants that
told me to tell worse than hitch play
our story begins with hey Steve Craven
Alfred this is Melanie she's there to
pick up a bird she ordered from this
hero Biddy they can't do her damn job
well I'm trying to say it the damn bird
ain't damn so in walks mr. metrosexual
let's just call him Mitch Mitch Oh
sexual he is shopping for some lovebirds
two lovebirds for his sister and here he
goes insulting this lady like she ain't
got no better life than being a bird
tender bird tender that's not like
something you order from KFC with a side
of teh toes bird tender the only job
worse than being a bird tender would be
a library and then he accuses her being
a librarian and she's like please don't
look like an old white hair hair pot and
dust on these birds and then she let
some psycho bird out of his cage and
Mitch catches it and addresses the bird
by her real name and by her I mean
Melanie how the hell I'm supposed to
know what the birds real name is I'll
speak peep and then she says how did you
know my name and he says a little birdie
told me oh we really smooth ain't you
but actually miss Melanie is a bit of an
outlaw and her done been too cold for
busting up somebody and mr. criminal
defense metrosexual enjoys the company
of jailbirds and then he leaves like see
you in court
and she's like okay but only if you
bring the handcuffs
damn Alfred you can't get then she gets
his tag no but the track is down damn
Melanie you've been taking creeper tips
from old hitch so she has a good excuse
to track the man down
she buys in the birds he wanted for his
sister lovebirds and look at him lean
like Michael Jackson doing a smooth
criminal
after some savvy crafty detective work
that leads it to his empty apartment
then to the bodega bay post office then
to some sick spot named and it with the
hots for Mitch then across a lake in a
motorboat the stalker finds the
residence of her stocky
just bust up in the house like she owns
a whole damn country let's just be a
lesson don't wear fur it makes you act
like you own the whole damn country but
Mitch ain't even home again after all
that effort I just did you the stalker
man it makes himself more readily
available but Mitch sees I'm making her
great motorboat escape and he drives
around the water to meet her just in
time to see a bird pecking on her pretty
head so he takes it to the place you
always take bleeding people to fix their
wounds a restaurant and melon is like I
came up here to see my friend any hot
worst
I mean Hayworth and Mitch's like I think
you came up here to see me a melon is
like no why would I come to see you we
go sexy house opulence up with a biscuit
self and he's like I don't know but I'm
not the easiest man to stalk him Ellen's
like oh it was no trouble I only had to
get your tag number order two birds
phone-a-friend to get your name and
address go to the address associated
with your tag find out you weren't home
get more information about where you
were from your neighbor drive to bodega
bay harass the postmaster about where
you live go to hotpot in his house to
get your little sister's name rent a
boat breaking your house sneak away on
my boat didn't get picked on the head by
that damn bird she won't ask me out or
not I don't know
meet my momma psycho Tandy when you go
out with me it's a package deal
mama included still want a date so
Melanie rents a room from Auntie hots
for night then goes back to Mitch's
house where she gets the lowdown on
Mitch's little sister Kathy who serves
no purpose in this damn movie except of
being an annoying yappy brat he wanted
some birds for her birthday
Mitch's daddy who died to get away from
his Birds crazy wife and psycho Tandy
and her hungry birds that won't never
bake kibble when Melanie leaves Mitch
tells our about how his mother know
stories about her by how she dives into
European fountains in the book and she
look at him like tippet gonna flip him
the bird and she drives off back at in
his Melanie and Annie have a little to
woman shindig and talk about Mitch's
mama and how she gets women Mitch likes
to fly the coop but then Mitch calls and
invites Melanie to Kathy's birthday
party where they all gonna pretend that
happy little Kathy survived another year
but the birds ain't about to celebrate
another 300 season five days of Kathy's
life and they take it out on all the
party guests including our little
children hearin a pilot balloons yeah
take that brat
like now in yo face then that night the
sparrows coming to finish the job and
the next day Mitch mama goes to see a
farmer friend to get the lowdown on the
whole down translation she wants to know
what the happy horse was going over
these bad at birds and what does she
find her bird wise buddy done gone
Stevie Wonder up in there and her pants
go PPP all the way home back at home she
tells Melanie look what didn't damn bird
doesn't eat her my friend and he was a
nice guy little candies at school they
got beat windows you know how everybody
hates her so Melanie goes down to the
school to pick up Kathy and yeah Melanie
how does it feel for you to be stopped
and them crows to be like yeah right you
little emos ran out of here okay we're
done now is fun see you wouldn't want to
be you back at the restaurant Melanie
has a little colloquy with some locals
that turns into a straight-up Agatha
Christie inquest
I'm saw bird I saw her too I see no bird
I am a bird and this one old lady's like
Bert saw older than dinosaurs don't
attack people
dumb bits would you say they don't
attack people then that's a gas leak and
imagine the horror that ensues when this
guy right here goes straight up
Apollonia why she run to the phone booth
so Africa freaked out that with burst
line every which way but Mitch rode to
the rescue
and where's that old bit to set burst
don't attack people need to throw her
out there to get her head picked on
maybe take a cell phone that's net
dumped at Andy are you okay are you okay
Eddie he forgot sick ain't nobody ever
told any to get her gun it is dead and
Kathy is still alive
there is no God back at the house Mitch
bolts up the joint mama tells Mitch she
wishes he was her husband as I was so
[ __ ] up and Kathy tells us her tootsie
rolls then keeping true to the title of
the movie the crib gets butchered by
birds and so does Mitch's hand and so
does Melanie's everything picture it now
for throwing live birds at the woman
he's hot for help a bear eat by this
beak
it makes me horny and look what the damn
birds did to the woman Turner lives the
same color as her face so Mitch loads up
the Partridge Family in the car mama
decides she'd like to have Melanie as a
daughter because you don't have enough
people giving her attention and the
birds just hang around chillin on the
power
line discussing religion and politics in
their favorite YouTube channel MEF then
be sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
your regular murder of crows and math
you can expect me to upload more videos
when the birds touch no my car and what
I always got to do it right after I wash
it for movies explain fall I'm Jeb bird
die and while you at it be sure to find
me on the Facebook and especially the
Twitter tweet tweet tweet tweet